1. For each strong entity type E. Create a new table. Include as its columns, all the simple attributes and simple components of the composite attributes of E. Identify the primary key and the alternate keys. Do not include any multi-valued attribute as a key. If the only unique field of an entity is a multi-valued attribute, introduce an artificial primary key field.
一。为每个强实体类型E.创建一个新表。将E的复合属性的所有简单属性和简单组件包括在其列中。标识主键和备用键。不要将任何多值属性包含为键。如果实体的唯一唯一字段是多值属性，则引入人工主键字段。 

2. For each weak entity W that is associated with only one 1:1 identifying owner relationship. Identify the table T of the owner entity type. Include as columns of T, all the simple attributes and simple components of the composite attributes of W. 
对于仅与一个1:1标识所有者关系关联的每个弱实体W。标识所有者实体类型的表T。将W的复合属性的所有简单属性和简单组件包括为T的列。 

3. For each weak entity W that is associated with a 1:N or M:N identifying relationship, or participates in more than one relationship. Create a new table T. Include as its columns, all the simple attributes and simple components of the composite attributes of W. Form the primary key of T as follow: In the case of a 1:N owner relationship, by including as a foreign key in T, the primary key of the owner entity. The primary key of T is the combination of W's partial key and the foreign key. In the case of a M:N owner relationship, by creating a new column that will hold unique values. (In this case, the association between the weak entity and its owner entity will be specified in Step 6.) 
对于与1:N或M:N标识关系关联或参与多个关系的每个弱实体W。创建一个新表T。将W的复合属性的所有简单属性和简单组件包含为其列。按如下方式形成T的主键：在1:N所有者关系的情况下，通过在T中包含所有者实体的主键作为外键。T的主键是W的部分键和外键的组合。在M:N所有者关系的情况下，通过创建一个包含唯一值的新列。（在这种情况下，弱实体与其所有者实体之间的关联将在步骤6中指定。）


4. For each binary 1:1 relationship type R. Identify the tables S and T of the participating entity types. Choose S (preferably the one with total participation). Include as foreign key in S, the primary key of T. Include as Columns of S, all the simple attributes and simple components of the composite attributes of R. 
对于每个二进制1:1关系类型R，标识参与实体类型的表S和表T。选择S（最好是完全参与的）。包含为S中的外键，T的主键。包含为S的列，R的复合属性的所有简单属性和简单组件。 


5. For each binary 1:N relationship type R. Identify the table S (at the N-side) and T of the participating entities. Include as a foreign key in S, the primary key of T. Include as columns of S, all the simple attributes and simple components of composite attributes of R. 
对于每个二进制1:N关系类型R，标识参与实体的表S（在N侧）和T。作为外键包含在S中，T的主键。作为S的列包含R的所有简单属性和复合属性的简单组件。

6. For each N-ary relationship (including binary N:M relationship) type R. Create a new table T. Include as columns of T, all the simple attributes and simple components of composite attributes of R. Include as foreign keys, the primary keys of the participating (strong or weak) entity types. Specify as the primary key of T, the list of foreign keys. 
对于每个N元关系（包括二进制N:M关系）类型R。创建一个新表T。将R的所有简单属性和复合属性的简单组件作为T的列包含。将参与（强或弱）实体类型的主键作为外键包含。指定外键列表作为T的主键。

7. For each multi-valued attribute A. Create a new table T. Include as columns of T, the simple attribute or simple components of the attribute A. In table T, include as foreign key, the primary key of the entity or relationship type that has A. Specify as the primary key of T, the foreign key and the columns corresponding to A. 
对于每个多值属性A。创建一个新表T。将属性A的简单属性或简单组件包含为T的列。在表T中，将具有A的实体或关系类型的主键包含为外键。将外键和对应于A的列指定为T的主键。 





8. For each specialization with disjoint subclasses. Create a new table Ti for each subclass Si. Include as columns of Ti, the simple attributes and simple component attributes of the superclass. Include as columns of Ti, the simple attributes and simple component attributes specific to Si. Identify the primary key. 
对于具有不相交子类的每个专门化。为每个子类Si创建一个新表Ti。包括作为Ti列的超类的简单属性和简单组件属性。将Si特有的简单属性和简单组件属性包括为Ti的列。识别主键。 

9. For each specialization with overlapping subclasses. Create a new table O for the superclass. Include as columns of O, the simple attributes and the simple component attributes of the superclass. Identify its primary key and alternate keys. Create a new table Ti for each subclass Si. Include as columns of Ti, the simple attributes and simple component attributes specific to Si. Include as a foreign key in Ti (to be part of the primary key of Ti), the primary key of O. 
对于每个具有重叠子类的专门化。为超类创建一个新表O。将超类的简单属性和简单组件属性包含为O列。识别其主键和备用键。为每个子类Si创建一个新表Ti。将Si特有的简单属性和简单组件属性包括为Ti的列。将O的主键作为外键包含在Ti中（作为Ti主键的一部分）。 